  After tying things out on the paper and thinking about the problem I decide to convert string with jobs into a hash, the way that the left side of the jobs, would be stored as keys and the right side (depending) jobs would be stored as values (setting nil on the places where the depending jobs did not exist). I figured hash would be the most suitable data structure for the task.

  I extracted string into hash separation logic into Separator class and decided to call it from the major Job class. In the job class I created one public method, called queue which is responsible for handing the actual problem solving.

  My approach for the solution was the following: I decided to create an empty array on the start and go through the existing hash, adding into the array jobs which were independent. The ones which had a dependency, had two kinds of handings: the first kind was depending on a job which was already fulfilled, therefor I was adding them into the array with no extra work, but the second kind was depending on not yet fulfilled jobs, so I had to track down the whole dependency queue there, keep it in a separate array and after add the array into major job queue but in reversed order. The last situation was also handing the circular dependency error, by checking if the job I wanted to add in my small array already existed there. The self dependency was handled simply by checking if the key and the value were identical. The end solution was just joined string of my major array.

  I tried to add full test coverage for all the example situations provided and make sure that they passed successfully. 
